what is up briley 13 here just came back
from school and this little thing came
in the mail as you probably already know
from my last video higurashi know when
they cry it's the unboxing of this
little beauty hey away and under that
grunty get off that and I'll open it
okay well first let me see if I can
probably like get some back story on
this series though this anime series is
based off the popular visual novel
called e F or F tale of two or two tail
wherever well epic tale memories is one
of the tales of the EF series and tayla
melodies is the last part ah no but from
what I think is probably challenges
Claude right in my thing of opinion here
is uh I don't solicit Funimation I
thought it was crappy and receipt I'll
take the look $55 yeah it's pretty
expensive since I got off the internet
plus it came here early for an unboxing
I'm proud of it anyway munna pop that
excuse me oh excuse me anyway I'll just
find a place to sit and then zoom in and
open anyway now I'm down here and now to
show you this is mostly a normal sentai
filmworks case um first let me try to
zoom in and see um most I'm just like I
can kick a poisoned down just a little
more complete collection there's 12
episodes season 1 2 this act I forgot
her name is but her nickname was Mia Mia
bye hero hero know from her he gave hero
hero no nickname hero hero for her I
forgot but these two are sisters as you
can put c-pillar colors of eyes and
their hair and not only try them
zoom out and now let's flip over to the
back side well actually let's look back
here since like the best part about aha
very nice little back back skin or
whatever and okay to just said I hope
it's like the same quality is from the
Japanese blu-rays fleeting moments
change meetings to tales of bittersweet
memories hmm nice clean clothes
animation and clean opening there's a
lot of clean closings and openings in
this series and plus rated m.a I don't
know this means it's not going to be
like school days ending better not be
like school days ending region a and now
i'm going to open it and sorry if you
can't probably like see me oh and since
of like sentai filmworks being sued
along with adb everyone else by
funimation i'm going to buy more since I
fill more styles but now my new policy
is like ever since that Christmas
holiday unboxing I did not think of
having a chance to rewatch the to watch
the anime series i bought it for
christmas so now i'm going to only buy
anime series one at a time I don't know
why just buying them one at a time like
feels like I have more time there's like
one I was able to put a lot more
episodes in and watching when they cry
and from one person eat the original
visual novel but stop talk about when
they cry anyway beautiful just beautiful
and now to open oh crap hold this does
mean that this case is scratched hold on
just let me look back and see nope you
guys give good props for blu rays mm-hmm
and here we have the first disc honestly
she just looks like someone to be voiced
by Lucy Christian and for her I forgot
her English dub voice actor but it was a
little bit weird but then like it just
felt like no no no it's great um two
discs um I think they're both one of
them is double layered and the other
single-layered and now i'm probably now
I'm gonna go show myself and so I'm now
here and showing my blu-ray since 1 this
is a literary release anyway I'm going
to be like reading the back well audio
is English let me just read over here
English dts-hd master audio for both the
English and the Japanese the English dub
i think is great well I haven't watched
the Japanese dub though um the other
characters I mean her Miyako Mia I think
so you know and there sorry I'm having a
problem with pointing with camera these
two are uh Shindo yeah whatever um first
episode very good especially with dub
greg ayres was good he it was like um
crap where is it up it's kind of like s
otherwise dub for shenlong I've heard
well he was voiced by Greg heiresses
Japanese doll sounded god-awful sound
like a little kid and like greg ayres
was like she sounded great for him
probably cuz his old work but as a now
he's mostly used to sound like the whiny
or like the perverted character and I
think like one of his other good ones
was based off the blu-ray release of
clannad and it was great it was very
good especially with after story like I
felt like a lot of emotion towards
character and plus I fell emotion to all
the other three male characters for it
and anyway I'd say go by this series
don't watch it fansub you can watch off
the official site first episode english
dubbed by oh man 13 son I'll see y'all
later I also forgot plushie grunty also
made me remember that broken blade is
also on my radar I really saw this serie
I mean solid like traitor for this
series it looks freaking epic I can't
wait to get it but I also price porn a
little bit high but also can't wait for
X end and anyway ever tell memories
beautiful first I gotta watch when they
cry though
I'll try to finish it this week and then
start watching it i'll probably just
watch the first episode anyway see y'all
later